---
layout: page
comments: true
title:  "MOOCs "
excerpt: "List of interesting MOOCs and Educational Resources"
date:   2020-06-06 15:05:00
mathjax: true
---
# Artificial Intelligence
- [CS-188 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence](https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs188/fa18/)
  - From: Berkeley, Pieter Abbeel
  - Video's : 25
  - Material: Slides, Video's, Python projects
  - Summary: This course will introduce the basic ideas and techniques underlying the **design** of intelligent computer systems. A specific emphasis will be on the **statistical and decision-theoretic modeling paradigm**.
By the end of this course, you will have **built autonomous agents** that efficiently make decisions in fully informed, partially observable and adversarial settings. Your agents will draw inferences in uncertain environments and optimize actions for arbitrary reward structures. Your machine learning algorithms will **classify handwritten digits and photographs**. The techniques you learn in this course apply to a wide variety of artificial intelligence problems and will serve as the foundation for further study in any application area you choose to pursue.

- [6.S191 Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/)
  - From: MIT, Alexander Amini
  - Video's: 10
  - Material: Slides, Video's, Python projects
  - Summary: MIT's introductory course on deep learning methods with applications to **computer vision**, **natural language processing**, biology, and more! Students will gain **foundational knowledge** of deep learning algorithms and get **practical experience** in building neural networks in **TensorFlow**.   
  Course concludes with a project proposal competition with feedback from staff and panel of industry sponsors. Prerequisites assume calculus (i.e. taking derivatives) and linear algebra (i.e. matrix multiplication), we'll try to explain everything else along the way! Experience in Python is helpful but not necessary. Listeners are welcome!

- [CS224n: Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/)
  - From: Stanford, Chris Manning
  - Vidfeo's: 20
  - Material: Slides, Video's
  - Summary: Natural language processing (NLP) or computational linguistics is one of the most important technologies of the information age. Applications of NLP are everywhere because people communicate almost everything in language: web search, advertising, emails, customer service, language translation, virtual agents, medical reports, etc. In recent years, deep learning (or neural network) approaches have obtained very high performance across many different NLP tasks, using single end-to-end neural models that do not require traditional, task-specific feature engineering. In this course, students will gain a thorough **introduction** to cutting-edge research in **Deep Learning for NLP**. Through lectures, assignments and a final project, students will learn the necessary skills to **design, implement, and understand** their own neural network models. As piloted last year, CS224n will be taught using **PyTorch** this year.
